The road was interminable.  We had been going straight for one and a half states, ever since the foothills of Colorado had bled into the plains of Kansas.  Now the middle of Missouri wavered only in altitude, hinting away from the boredom of the highway south towards Ozark country.  The rain didn't help either, beating  incessantly at the windshield.  It beaded up and rolled away towards the perimeter, making a time warp of the road towards a dot on the horizon.

I had been ignoring my wife for the past five exits.  She knew I was ignoring her, just like she knew she didn't need to pee.  This was a new twist on a regular part of our relationship, and I use that term loosely.  She would demand something, I would promptly ignore her, and she would use the silence to rant and rave about some problem or other.

I took a second to tune in.  "And after all that, Ron, you still had to buy the camper.  We couldn't borrow the McKenzie's, we had to buy our own.  Why?  Why do we need a camper?  It's not like this trip is going to be a frequent thing.  It's a one time deal.  Especially if I never get to take a piss.  Or are you planning on just traveling around the states the rest of your life?  Not going home ever?  We should just drop by on our kids every year or so.  That's it, they'll stay with their _grandparents_ and we'll just drop in..."

I tuned back out.  It wasn't so bad yet - I hadn't broken in.  It was when I interrupted that it got bad.  Usually I knew better.  Instead, I focused on the rhythm of the rain and the feel of the camper swaying behind our truck.  The camper she insisted we buy.

I didn't really expect this trip to rekindle anything.  I came along because it seemed better than a divorce, and if my parents thought there was some hope to avoid that, I guess I had to believe them.  They were still together after fifty five years.  I wondered how much they simply wanted me to try.  Custody hearings usually sided with the mother and equitability was not my wife's strong suit.  My parents were completely enamored with their only grandkids.  It was easy for them to take them for a couple of weeks.

So we loaded up our brand new camper, said goodbye to the kids, and loaded up to see the east coast.  Not that we'd need a camper in Boston, New York or Washington.  I'm sure they had hotels;  probably cheaper than the stupid camper.

She was still talking about travel.  "Do you still need to pee?" I asked?

"Yes, but I thought we were waiting until Indiana at this rate--"

"No, I have to pee too."

"Well fuck all.  Happy to wait the last fifty minutes for you to catch up.  Now that you have to pee it's obviously the highest priority."

"I am the driver afterall."  Arguing was our routine method of communication.  Had been for a long time.  We brought it out in each other.  "Just like it's my name on the title of the camper."  Like that, for instance.

"And it's my fucking name on the title of the house!"  She answered.  "A victorian with a whole half acre and great access to Denver.  Not your name, mine."

"We didn't need the damn house, Laura."

"We didn't need the camper either Ron."

We brought each other to a moment of silence on that one.  The house had been my idea, and the camper had been hers.  We both blamed the other and we both knew it.  The funny part was that we were equally culpable, but only for what we blamed on each other.  Ever since kids, our entire marriage had been one struggle for blame.  We were two six year olds, fighting over our prized teddy bear and ripping it to shreds in the process.    

I spotted a sign through the streaking rain signaling the next exit about five miles up.

"There's a McDonalds at the next bypass," I said. "I'll stop there."  McDonalds has the essentials of American travel: pissers and Big Macs and statuesque fat chicks wearing Uggs.

"Fine."


